### Conceptual Exercise

Answer the following questions below:

- What is PostgreSQL?

PostgreSQL is a object-related database management system. It allows to create and manipulate databases.


- What is the difference between SQL and PostgreSQL?

SQL is a Structure Query Language to access and manipulate data in databases. PostgreSQL uses SQL syntax.

- In `psql`, how do you connect to a database?

\c [name of database]

- What is the difference between `HAVING` and `WHERE`?

HAVING can be used with aggregates, not WHERE.

- What is the difference between an `INNER` and `OUTER` join?

INNER join returns all common data between two tables.
OUTER join return what the INNER join would plus data that are not common from Table 1 (LEFT OUTER), Table 2 (RIGHT OUTER), both Tables (FULL OUTER).

- What is the difference between a `LEFT OUTER` and `RIGHT OUTER` join?

See above

- What is an ORM? What do they do?

ORM stands for Object-Relational Mapping. It is a code that allows to query and maniupulate data in database under the form of objects. SQLAlchemy is an example of ORM for Python.

- What are some differences between making HTTP requests using AJAX 
  and from the server side using a library like `requests`?
  
 AJAX is Client Side rendering, meaning is makes the request and shows the answer directly on the client side (browser). It is faster to generate the rendering and is appropriate for pages refreshing frequently (shopping cart, game scores...)
 
 Libraries are Server Side rendering and handle the response to a request in the backend. They can handle more data and are appropriate for things like lists, blogs, news...
 

- What is CSRF? What is the purpose of the CSRF token?

CSRF is a Cross-Site Request Forgery attack. CSRF are made by malicious programs (email, website...) that force the browser to complete an unwanted action while loging in somewgere (example: I connect to my bank account and a transfer is automatically sent).

CSRF tokens are secret, unique, and unpredictable values generated by the application to avoid CSRF during authentification.

- What is the purpose of `form.hidden_tag()`?

This tag is used to protect forms from CSRF attacks. It generates a hidden field including a CSRF token.